address high resource usage and missing setup instructions in replicator security examples. (#265)
confluentinc/examples: replicator-security/README.md

diff scripts/submit_replicator_unsecure.sh scripts/submit_replicator_source_ssl_encryption.sh
```

## Prerequisites

These demos require the following tools:

* docker-compose
* keytool (usually included in a jdk)
* openssl

> These demos are memory intensive and Docker must be tuned accordingly. Docker's advanced settings, increase the memory dedicated to Docker to at least 8GB (default is 2GB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These demos are memory intensive and Docker must be tuned accordingly. In Docker's advanced settings, increase the memory dedicated to Docker to at least 8GB (default is 2GB).
```

The [test data](testData/testData.txt) is loaded into the source topic, and it can be modified to suit testing requirements.

## Setup and verifying the environments

Before running the demos appropriate security resources must be created to create these run:

```
cd scripts/security
./create_certs.sh
```

> We can verify the environment by consuming from the test topic on the destination cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can verify the environment by consuming from the topic `testTopic` that Confluent Replicator copied to the destination cluster.
```

> In all demos no actions are taken on the destination brokers. Because of this we can verify the environment by consuming from the test topic on the destination cluster.

Reviewer: What does this mean?  "no actions are taken on the destination brokers"

Author: It meant that replicator was the only thing creating topics and writing to the destination but i agree it's confusing so have removed it.
